0:00 Opus 4.6 was just released and along with it a really cool experimental feature called agent teams. Watch this. I'm going to give Claude this prompt to build a fitness tracker app called Claude Fit. And all the requirements for this app can be found in this document. This is just a really simple PRD with all the core features. But here's the difference. Create an agent team to implement this from different angles. So the team members are the UX UI designer, a back-end developer, a technical architect, a database expert, and a team member that plays devil's advocate. This team member will basically question everything the other team members do. And then for each team member, we want to use Opus as the driving model. So I'll simply copy this and let's send this to Claude. So Claude is now going to create five specialized agents to implement the solution. But first, it's going to create a task list and then create those specialized agents. And now we can see all our team members are indeed running. Now, what's really cool is that we have access to all of the individual team members. So, we can simply go through each of these. The main agent is the team lead, but we can also access any of these team members by simply pressing enter. And now we're in the chat interface for this specific team member. And this is really cool. Each and every team member has its own claude code instance. So we can do everything that we would usually be able to do in a claude session. For example, I'm going to go to the UI designer and I'm going to press escape to interrupt the UI designer. And this did not affect any of the other team members. By the way, you can see they're all running. It's only the UI designer that's currently idle. So now I can say please use the front end design skill to assist you with the UI design. Let's send this. And now this message was sent to the front-end designer only. So I'm actually just going to go back to the team lead and wait for this process to complete.
2:00 Now you might be wondering how this is different to simply using sub agents. For sub agents, the main agent can kick off an agent to run in the background to perform a very specific task like file exploration, research, or even making a certain code change. And of course, the main agent can run multiple of these sub agents in parallel at the same time. Now, these sub agents cannot interact with each other. Each of these sub agents have their own context window. They will go and perform their task and simply report back to the main agent once done. So, this really is a one-way reporting mechanism back to the parent agent. One sub agent does not have a view of what another sub agent is doing. So, sub agent one in theory could implement a change that's actually not compatible with what sub agent 2 is doing. And this is very different when it comes to agent teams by the way.
2:48 Now, agent teams on the other hand is fundamentally different. This is the equivalent of bringing a bunch of people into the same room and they can converse with each other to work together to achieve a task. After we sent our prompt, the first thing our main agent did was to create a task list. And then the main agent created all of these team members and the main agent itself became the team lead. Now each of the team members including the team lead shared this task list and they can all communicate directly with each other. For example, one agent might focus on the database schema and another agent is responsible for building all the API endpoints. These two agents can actually talk to each other so that the API agent knows exactly what the schema is going to look like. And each of these team members have their own context windows as well. These team members have direct peer-to-peer messaging as well. So they can chat to each other and they will coordinate their efforts automatically because they share the same task list.
3:50 Agent teams is really meant to implement complex changes. So, if you just want to do like a once-off task, you should definitely use sub agents instead. But for complicated tasks like setting up an entire project from scratch, agent teams can definitely help you get way better results out of the box.
4:23 And as these agents are completing their work, the team lead agent is automatically shutting down these different team members. And each of these team members have access to skills, MCP servers, everything that the cloud code instance would usually have access to.
4:40 Setting up agent teams: experimental feature, add property to settings.json file. Create an agent team by adding to prompt "Create an agent team to explore this from different angles." Describe team members, specify model, enable delegation mode with shift+tab.
6:43 Final result: fitness tracker app with great font, color scheme, design, animations.
